This project is an automation infrastructure for Ceph test automation.
The framework uses python and nosetest for test execution. The tests
can be executed via a jenkins job or standalone.

Framework resources - 
1. All the python testsuite files are located in the testsuites/ dir.
2. The utils/ dir contains all the supporting python libraries.
3. Test data for every test suite is stored in yaml files in the yamldata/ dir.
4. ceph.log file will hold the latest test execution logs
5. nosetests.xml will contain the latest test results which get exported to
   jenkins to be dsiaplyed on jenkins ui.
6. setup.cfg - specify the high level test information like repo url, log
   level in this file.
7. As an example, this is one of the jenkins job which is using this framework-
   http://river.suse.de/view/Storage/job/storage-qa-automation-sle12/
8. Use nosetest to execute your test suite. For example - 
   nosetests testsuites/testceph.py


Prerequisites - following packages should be insatlled on the machine from
which you plan to run the tests (either manually or via jenkins slave) - 
1. Python 2.7
2. Python setuptools
3. Nosetest
4. git
5. osc - openSUSE Build Service Commander
6. You also need to be able to SSH in to the listed targets without
   passphrases, and the remote user needs to have passwordless sudo access


Environment variables - The environment variables could be set prior to
starting the test execution - 
1. CFG_FILE - the default value is setup.cfg or you can specify a different
   file.
2. YAMLDATA_FILE - either you can give your yaml data filename using this
   env variable or make sure that the .yaml file with exactly the same name
   as the testsuite file name is present in the yamldata/ dir.
3. BEFORE_CLEANUP - If this env variable is not None, then a previously deployed
   ceph cluster will be cleaned up before starting the test execution.
4. AFTER_CLEANUP - If this env variable is not None,then the ceph cluster will 
   be cleaned up after the test execution.

